[REVIEW] link boost static libraries in java [skip ci] (#5486)
rapidsai/cudf: java/README.md

## Build From Source

Build the native code first, and make sure the a JDK is installed and available.

> When invoking cmake, make sure you pass in the options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building libcudf, make sure you pass in the cmake options
```
